A raspy sound at low revs,
metallic at high revs.
The furious sound of an engine that can rev
up to 9000 rpm.
An ambiance you can only hear
in this machine.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard
the new 911 GT3 RS.
Of course. You know the Porsche 911, the
sports car you can use every day.
And then there's the 911 GT3, the one that bridges
the gap between road and track.
Well, the GT3 RS pushes the boundaries even
further, much further indeed.
But then, what does it offer beyond a
GT3?
And to test this ultimate evolution of the
GT3 RS, Porsche takes us to a track
of legend, where all super sports cars
measure themselves against each other.
The Nürburgring in Germany.
It's perfect, this 911 is designed to
devour the track.
It's said to be the driver's 911.
You'll see why in this review.
And what sets a GT3 apart from a
GT3?
You may ask about the RS?
Well, it's all these
aerodynamic features you see before you.
Like these air intakes on the front hood.
It's new on this GT3 RS, they
are directly inherited from the big sister
GT2 RS.
These are what we call NACA intakes and
they're solely for cooling the brakes.
The advantage is that they leave
other air intakes free
to create even more aerodynamic downforce
than on the previous version.
As a result, this new GT3 RS is
literally glued to the asphalt.
Front splitter, air intake, massive wing,
On this GT3 RS, nothing is there
for no reason. Everything has a function.
All these aerodynamic features come from
Porsche's racing experience.
The result is a car planted on the ground with a
jaw-dropping appearance.
Inside this GT3?
RS Once again, nothing is there by chance.
Alcantara on the steering wheel for example,
It's nice, but it mainly prevents your hands from
slipping, ultra-wrapping carbon bucket seats
from the Porsche 918 supercar
Spyder. It's flashy, but it will mainly allow you
to perfectly connect
with the machine. In short, you're on board
a well-thought-out, maximally lightened
and ultra-functional competition 911.
But then what does this new
GT3 RS bring?
Its engine has gained 20 horsepower compared to
its predecessor, reaching 520 horsepower and
now it's only available with the
seven-speed PDK robotized gearbox.
Okay, I hear you, already 520 horsepower,
that's not that much in the end. And it's true, you're right.
Many sports cars are more powerful
nowadays.
Yes, it's true, but none in its
category is as light.
Only 1430 kilos on the scales.
So, it goes fast.
Very fast indeed. Especially since the PDK gearbox
has been reworked to shift even faster.
Listen to this.
The gears shift in bursts, the accelerations take your breath away.
As a result, the 0 to 100 kilometers per hour is
crushed in three point two seconds.
The top speed peaks at 312 kilometers per hour on the track,
with all the aerodynamic features
in addition to the work done
on the chassis of this new 911 GT3 RS
which further stiffens its suspension,
offer it handling that reaches peaks.
This machine is of staggering precision.
The most difficult thing with this car
is to meet its demands.
It's so precise that it demands
the same rigor from you on the track.
Even better, it scans it and
transmits you an incredible amount of information
with a finesse that only a Porsche
can achieve.
If you can exploit what it transmits,
then believe me, no one can follow you.
However, any mistake on your part
will be paid for dearly.
Of course, this 911 GT3 RS
is capable of driving on the road,
but this precision that you love on the track
will quickly tire you on degraded roads.
Faster than a Mercedes AMG GTR, this GT3 RS
is a pure track machine.
It's not just its engine, its fabulous engine, its ultra-fast gearbox,
and its more dynamic chassis that make it
the most formidable sports car of the moment.
Completely addictive pleasure.
Priced very high at €198,335.
But excellence comes with a price.
A completely addictive pleasure.
Priced very high at €198,335.
But excellence comes with a price.